cloud: update the free quota of columnar storage (#17768)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/serverless-faqs.md

### When should I use columnar storage in TiDB Serverless?

Consider using columnar storage in TiDB Serverless in the following scenarios:

- Your workload involves analytical tasks that require efficient data scanning and aggregation.
- You prioritize improved performance, especially for analytics workloads.
- You want to isolate analytical processing from transactional processing to prevent performance impact on your transactional processing (TP) workload. The separate columnar storage helps optimize these distinct workload patterns.

In these scenarios, columnar storage can significantly improve query performance and provide a seamless experience for mixed workloads in your system.

### How to use columnar storage in TiDB Serverless?

Columnar storage usage in TiDB Serverless is similar to that in TiFlash. You can enable columnar storage at both the table and database levels:

- Table level: Assign a TiFlash replica to a table to enable columnar storage for that specific table.
- Database level: Configure TiFlash replicas for all tables in a database to use columnar storage across the entire database.

> Once a TiFlash replica is set up for a table, TiDB automatically synchronizes the columnar storage with the row-based storage for that table. This ensures data consistency and optimizes performance for analytical queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once a TiFlash replica is set up for a table, TiDB automatically replicates data from the row-based storage to the columnar storage for that table. This ensures data consistency and optimizes performance for analytical queries.
```

Reviewer: synchronize 通常指的是双向的数据同步

During the data import process of a TiDB Serverless cluster, RU consumption occurs only when the data is successfully imported, which leads to spikes in RU usage.

### What costs are involved when using columnar storage in TiDB Serverless?

> The pricing for columnar storage in TiDB Serverless is similar to that for row-based storage. When you use columnar storage, an additional replica is created to store your data (without indexes). The synchronization of data from row-based to columnar storage does not incur extra charges.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The pricing for columnar storage in TiDB Serverless is similar to that for row-based storage. When you use columnar storage, an additional replica is created to store your data (without indexes). The replication of data from row-based to columnar storage does not incur extra charges.
```

For detailed pricing information, see [TiDB Serverless pricing details](https://www.pingcap.com/tidb-serverless-pricing-details/).

### Is using columnar storage more expensive?

> Columnar storage in TiDB Serverless incurs additional costs due to the extra replica, which requires more storage and resources for data synchronization. However, columnar storage becomes more cost-effective when running analytical queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Columnar storage in TiDB Serverless incurs additional costs due to the extra replica, which requires more storage and resources for data replication. However, columnar storage becomes more cost-effective when running analytical queries.
```
